[ethereal music]
[God] For a long while now,
I've done all I can to make
the human world a better place,
but the time has come for
me to relinquish my throne
to the next human who
will come after me,
to a younger power.
Out all the many
angels here in heaven,
you Glorious 13 I've been chosen
to fulfill this tradition.
As is established custom,
one that the 13
humans you nurture
will become the next God.
When your chosen
human becomes God,
your work as an angel will end,
and you will be rewarded
with a quiet life
at the side of the new deity.
[Balta] The human
who becomes God
can acquire anything they want.
[Luta] It's an impossible task
for a second-rank angel like me
who can only grant red arrows.
[Revel] I'll do
whatever it takes
to make my chosen
human the new God.
[Nasse] All right,
this is my big chance!
Maybe I can finally
make Mirai happy.
[God] You have 999 days
to fulfill your mission.
Now go, my angels.
[opening theme music]
You're telling me
there are 13 candidates
and one of them will
become the new God?
[Mirai laughs]
It's absolutely true, Mirai.
[Mirai] Well, I can't deny
there's an angel hovering
right in front of me,
so I guess it makes sense
that God exists too.
It's too much to take in.
I can barely even look
after myself on a good day.
I could never become God.
But listen, if someone
else ends up becoming God,
your wings and arrows
will be taken from you.
If you become God, you get
to use them all you want.
So really, you should do
it for your own happiness.
My happiness? Right.
--My mom used to tell me--
--Huh?
Everyone is born with the
goal of finding happiness
and everyone lives with the aim
of attaining even
greater happiness.
[sad music]
--[child giggling]
--Here we go! Charge! [laughs]
And what's more, if
you're not happy,
you can't be truly
pleased for others
when they find happiness.
But you know, Mirai, that's
not the whole picture.
Unless everyone
around you is happy,
you can't really enjoy
your own happiness.
That's what I truly
believe. [chuckles]
Happiness for everyone, huh?
Sounds like a nice mom.
Some people find
joy in comparing
the unhappiness of
others with their own.
I don't need the white
arrow that kills people,
and I won't need the red arrow
once I make my uncle
turn himself in.
All I want and have ever
wanted is ordinary happiness.
I'm not interested in being God.
Mmm? Mm-hmm.
All right, fine. If
that's what you want.
Let's find your uncle and
make him turn himself in.
Then you won't have to be
worrying about money anymore.
But it's already late today.
Besides, the deadline for
admissions is tomorrow.
We could do it after that.
You sure?
It's reported that comedy
star Tonma Rodriguez
is romantically involved
with even more women.
Three young ladies had
previously been identified
as maintaining serious
relationships with the star.
Today, two more names
were added to that list.
Here's what
Rodriguez had to say.
--Nasse.
--Huh?
--Look.
Yeah, it seems I've suddenly
become irresistible to women.
It's an angel.
So people can't see him, right?
Right.
There can only be one reason
why he's following
this comedian.
This guy Tonma Rodriguez
must be a God candidate.
He has to be one
of the chosen 13.
Yes. As a matter of fact, he
said he loves me the most.
You figure he's
using the red arrow?
Probably.
Red arrows can be active
on up to 14 people at once.
I mean, they just said
he's dating five women.
If that's true,
he can still shoot up
to nine more of them.
Does this mean all
the women in the world
are in love with me now?
If that's true, I feel
like I've become God!
Hey, I was only joking.
[Man] Why do beautiful women
keep falling for this guy?
[Mirai] Is there any
way to save them?
Huh?
I know we can use these
arrows however we want,
but some things
should be off limits.
I feel sorry for
those women he shot.
It doesn't seem fair.
Mirai, you're so kind.
Isn't there some way
to protect yourself
from being shot with an arrow?
There is.
Didn't I tell you about that
when I asked if you
wanted wings or arrows?
You did not.
Ah, sorry!
The arrows never miss.
there's one exception
to that rule,
but it only applies
to a lucky few.
The wings are faster
than the arrows.
If you fly away,
arrows can't catch you.
That means ordinary
people can't escape them.
Anyway, don't worry so much.
After 33 days, the effects of
red arrows expire naturally.
But if you were to
shoot them again,
you could keep on
controlling them?
You can only shoot
a person once.
Otherwise, a time limit
would be pointless.
I see.
Mr. Rodriguez is using
the power of the arrow
to make women fall for
him, one after another.
But it will only
last for 33 days.
Someone using arrows in this way
would never be chosen
to be God, right?
--[women moaning]
--[women giggling]
[Tonma] Ooh, this is awesome!
All these beautiful women
fawning over a D-lister like me.
Please, sir. Tell the world
I'm your new favorite lover!
--No, me!
--I'm the one.
This angel's arrow
is incredible!
[Women] Oh, Tonma!
I can make any woman
do what I tell them to!
Now this gives me
the hope to live!
Do I know you, pal?
Nice costume. You
filming something?
Wrong car, buddy.
Huh?
What? Who the hell are you?
Is that a white arrow?
[light zapping]
--[body thuds]
--[eerie music]
[Metropoliman] Guess you
only had a red arrow, huh?
[women murmuring]
[women gasping]
Hey, wait! What are
we all doing in here?
[Woman] What's
happened to Tonma?
[Woman] I think he's dead.
[all screaming]
[Metropoliman] Oh, man. Talk
about misusing your powers.
Even if you have
trouble finding women,
some lines should
never be crossed.
Now that I've applied,
I'm gonna study 'til
the day of the exam.
You don't really
have to do that.
Just shoot someone important
from the school
with a red arrow.
[sighs] I'd rather get
in on my own merits.
Take it easy, Mirai.
You're so serious.
Even though you're
both God candidates,
you're nothing
like that comedian.
[Mirai] Hmm.
[Mirai gasps]
Hey, what's wrong?
"The cause of death
is currently unknown."
Wait a minute. Does this mean...
[heavenly music]
Luta, you were picked
to be one of the 13.
What happened? You mean
you're out of the running?
It's really what I wanted.
I'm glad I got it
over with quickly.
I have to say, though,
the human who killed him is
quite an interesting character.
[dramatic music]
[traffic whooshing]
[Mirai] Strange.
Apparently they still don't
know why Rodriguez died.
Hey!
So, uh, good job getting
yourself into that high school.
You must be pretty smart, Mirai.
That's not really true.
Aw, don't be so modest.
I wasn't the one who thought
of using the red arrow
to make your uncle
turn himself in.
You bought a condo with
the money you got back,
and today, we're going
shopping for your new life.
Isn't this fun? Yahoo! [laughs]
Uh...
I mean, the life you
described, a place to sleep,
food to eat, and going
to school each day,
it's gradually
becoming a reality.
You're getting closer to
reaching ordinary happiness.
Things are going great!
That's wonderful, right? Mmm?
--Yeah. I suppose.
--[Nasse gasps]
I'd feel a whole lot better,
except for that
comedian's death.
[Nasse] I knew he
was thinking of that.
Don't get me wrong, Nasse.
I'm grateful to you for
coming to my rescue.
I'll be going to high school,
and I can live my life like this
because of the angel
powers you've given me.
But I'm still worried.
This force is too great
for an ordinary person.
What if I can't control it?
[crowd murmuring]
Huh?
It has been over an hour
since the Hitotsubashi Branch of
the Yotsuba Tokyo Orion bank
was taken over by armed
robbers with these demands.
"We will kill one hostage
every five minutes
until we get money and
a getaway helicopter,
and at this time,
we're approaching
that first
five-minute deadline."
We're about to find
out if the criminals
are true to their
word about shooting-
--[gunshot fires]
--[pedestrians gasping]
[Woman] Gunshots! I just heard
a gunshot inside the bank.
--Why don't they do something?
--Victims?
Does that mean two
people have died?
At this moment, the police
appear to be helpless.
They don't want to
escalate the situation
by taking decisive action.
--What was that?
--Who are you?
Put your hands where
we can see them!
[Metropoliman] Don't shoot.
I am not your enemy.
I'm here for one reason
only: to deliver justice!
[Reporter] A person
dressed in full body armor
has suddenly appeared
out of nowhere.
--Who's that guy?
--Isn't that Metropoliman?
He had a TV show last season.
Wait a minute.
Are those wings?
Uh-huh. A God candidate.
[Reporter] We can't
tell what he's doing.
It looks like he's trying
to convince the
police of something.
Look, he's flying!
[Officer] Huh? Is
this a movie shoot?
[Officer] What the
hell's going on?
[Metropoliman] You have
to believe me when I say
I, Metropoliman,
shall defeat evil!
He shot then with red arrows.
Well, they'll listen to him now.
It's all kinda
silly, but at least
he's using the wings
and arrows for justice.
[Metropoliman] I see
you're finally prepared
to let me handle this.
Thank you, officers.
You won't be sorry.
I'll be right back.
[Robber] How long are you
gonna make us wait here?!
[Metropoliman] Hold it
right there, evildoer.
You're dealing with me now.
[Robber] Are you
stupid or something?
You come any closer
and I'll cap ya.
Hey, are you hard of
hearing? Stay back!
Asshole.
Die!
[Metropoliman] It's futile.
You're no match for me.
I can move faster than bullets!
He stopped him.
[Metropoliman] Now
you get it, don't you?
You never had a
chance against me.
[Robber] Who are you?
[Metropoliman] Metropoliman.
You need to turn yourself in.
[Robber] Whatever you say.
--[gun clicks]
--[robber growls]
[gun fires]
[Robber] Huh? Where'd he go?
[dramatic music]
[Metropoliman] You, too?
[Man] Huh? I thought
this was over.
[Woman] Did he dodge the bullet?
Quick, use the red arrow.
[Metropoliman] That's it! My
rage has reached its peak!
[Robber] Get out of here!
[gun fires]
[dramatic music]
[Metropoliman] Murderer.
Metro-pon!
[body thuds]
Now, release the hostages.
[bystanders murmuring]
He's got both.
White and red arrows.
We're seeing
movement from inside.
It appears the hostages
are being released.
Oh! Excuse me, but who are you?
[Metropoliman] Metropoliman.
The attack just now was done
using my killer metropon.
I have to say, though,
it was a desperate move.
It happened so fast, I
couldn't control my strength.
Control his strength? Those
white arrows kill people.
He was gonna kill
him from the start.
If he can see his target,
the arrows are gonna
hit 100% of the time.
White arrows.
Is this God candidate being
tracked by a special-rank angel?
He utilized the
properties of the arrows
and put on the most
dramatic display
he could have come up with.
In so doing, he's captured
the hearts of the masses.
He got ahead of us.
[Metropoliman] People of
Earth, I am Metropoliman.
It goes without
saying that I am here
to preserve peace
on this planet,
but I am also a
messenger from Heaven,
and I have come to
defeat 12 enemies.
[Mirai gasps]
Huh? What are you talking about?
[Metropoliman] I have
already defeated one.
I will not run and
I will not hide.
To the remaining 11, I say,
come take me on if you dare.
What? What the hell?
This guy must be crazy.
And what does he mean,
he's defeated one?
Is he talking about
Mr. Rodriguez?
Nasse, get away from me now.
--Huh?
--Hurry.
Uh, all right.
[Mirai] I'm
practically advertising
that I'm a God candidate if
my angel hangs around me.
I don't know where these
other God candidates are,
but I know this much.
I can't be happy if I'm dead.
12 enemies.
He's talking about the other
God candidates, isn't he?
Uh-huh.
--Nasse.
--Huh?
Revoke my status
as a God candidate.
What?
You saved my life, but
now I've changed my mind.
I don't wanna die.
I just want to be happy.
I'm sorry.
Revoking your God
candidate status
would mean returning your
wings and arrows, too.
Don't need 'em. Take 'em back.
That's not the problem.
If you return your wings
and arrows, you'll die.
What?
Since I gave them to you
specifically as
your hope to live,
if you were to throw them away,
you'd be throwing
your life away.
The only reason you're
alive right now
is because you accepted
them as a God candidate.
[Mirai sighs]
[Mirai] I see.
God was very clear.
Only those who'd lost
their will to live
could be considered
for the position.
Or to put it in other words,
people who are
dissatisfied with the world
and really wanna make
an effort to improve it.
I don't care about all
that complicated stuff.
I was just trying to find out
if my God candidate
status could be revoked.
[Nasse] Sorry.
No. I'm the one who's sorry.
Let's see.
Ah, so special-rank angels
have wings, red arrows,
and white arrows.
First-rank angels
only have red arrows.
[Nasse] No.
You're right about
special-rank angels,
but first-rank angels
have red arrows and wings.
Second-rank angels have
either red arrows or wings.
[Mirai] So out of
the 13 chosen angels,
how many special-rank
angels are there?
[Nasse] Three, probably.
But first-rank angels
sometimes get promoted.
Special-ranks can
be demoted, too,
and first-ranks also sometimes
get demoted to second-rank.
[Mirai] Regardless,
the biggest thorn
in Metropoliman's side
is going to be
other God candidates
who have special-rank angels,
just like he does.
What should I do?
He intends to become
God, and he's prepared
to kill any other candidate
who gets in his way.
He's already killed
that guy Rodriguez.
Mirai?
Maybe you should
stay inside for now.
It's a shame, after you got
into high school and all.
Your entrance
ceremony is tomorrow.
[Mirai] Yeah.
Actually, it's today.
[Mirai's Mother] I
believe everyone lives
with the aim of attaining
even greater happiness.
[Mirai] Which means,
whatever the circumstances,
I should go in the direction
I instinctively believe is
going to be the better one.
[Nasse] Mirai?
I have to pick
the better option.
Am I going to live
in fear of him
and stay cooped up for
the rest of my life?
If so, why did Nasse
save me anyway?
Why am I alive now?
[sad music]
I've decided I'm going to class.
Huh?
I'll never find happiness
if I stay cooped up inside.
--Right. But--
--It's fine.
As long as you're not with me,
he won't know I'm
a God candidate.
Metropoliman has no right to
keep me from finding happiness.
High school starts tomorrow.
Everyone thinks I'm only
a student. Just wait.
There'll be surprised to
find out I'm much more.
Once I kill the other 11 chosen,
they'll have to
worship me as God.
That uniform looks terrific.
--You think so?
--Oh, yeah.
When I saw that on you,
there was no
question in my mind.
You belong in high school.
[exhales] Thank you.
Call me if anything comes up.
Just say my name and
I'll fly straight to you.
All right, good.
Oh, and when you get to school,
don't forget to shoot
Saki with your red arrow.
--Huh?
--Saki Hanukkah, silly boy.
Isn't that why you
chose this school,
so you could be around her?
I don't know what you--
Remember, the red arrow's
effective for 33 days,
and you can only
shoot somebody once.
So if you want the two of you
to have a relationship
after that,
you have to make her actually
fall in love with you
before the 33 days runs out.
Because it's Cupid's arrow,
it helps to move things
along in the right direction.
[gentle music]
No, I won't use an arrow
to control her feelings.
[Nasse] Aw! Why not?
[students chattering]
[Mirai] I'm an ordinary student
starting an ordinary term
at an ordinary high school.
My next three years start now.
[gentle music]
[dramatic music]
An angel?
Is it Metropoliman's?
Okay, calm down now.
Nasse is nowhere near me.
He has no way of knowing
him I'm a God candidate.
I just need to act
natural as I walk past.
[dramatic music]
[closing theme music]